Revamp README (#164)
eWaterCycle/ewatercycle: README.rst

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/fair--software.eu-%E2%97%8F%20%20%E2%97%8F%20%20%E2%97%8B%20%20%E2%97%8F%20%20%E2%97%8B-orange
    :target: https://fair-software.eu

> The eWatercycle package makes it easier to use hydrological models without having intimate knowledge about how to install and run it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eWaterCycle package makes it easier to use hydrological models without having intimate knowledge about how to install and run the models.
```

> * Uses container for running model in a isolated and portable way with `grpc4bmi <https://github.com/eWaterCycle/grpc4bmi>`_
> * Rain and sunshine required for input of the model can be generated by the package using `ESMValTool <https://www.esmvaltool.org/>`_
> * Observation data from `GRDC or USGS <https://ewatercycle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/observations.html>`_
> * Exposes `simple interface <https://ewatercycle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples/ewatercycle_api_notebook.html>`_ to quickly get up and running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Uses container for running models in an isolated and portable way with `grpc4bmi <https://github.com/eWaterCycle/grpc4bmi>`_
* Generates rain and sunshine required for the model using `ESMValTool <https://www.esmvaltool.org/>`_
* Supports observation data from `GRDC or USGS <https://ewatercycle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/observations.html>`_
* Exposes `simple interface <https://ewatercycle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/examples/ewatercycle_api_notebook.html>`_ to quickly get up and running
```
